VPN - still not working

courses:
BIOF 501A (seminar)- Thurs 15:30-17:30
MEDG 520 -  Tue/Thurs 10:30 - 12 - advanced human molecular genetics
Directed studies - + audit part of MEDG 525

CPSC 545 - Mon/Wed 13:00-14:30

BIOF 520 (PBL) - Mon/Wed 15:00 - 17:00
BIOL 509 - Quantitative Genetics - Tue/Thurs 11-12:30
STAT 540 - Statistical methods for high dimensional biology Tues/Thurs 9-10:30


OR:
Biochem - 
Biology - 
GSAT 501 - 


(no access to Workday, not even an email)


- timeline - realistic?
	- what happens come September?
- publication requirements
	- who is writing
	- who is documenting
	- what needs to be done
	- why was it rejected?
- what is my responsibility with data I run?
	- I don't fully know the pipeline
	- I know already there are many areas there could be problems
	- I don't want to be the one shouldering the responsibility for the data created by a pipeline that is flawed. I cannot stand by the quality or accuracy data that I didn't implement the pipeline for. 
- technical debt
	- I am worried that there is a mismatch between what has been spoken about the pipeline vs. the reality of the implementation
		- big difference between talking about ideals and what they want to implement vs. what is actually engineered which 
		- a patchwork of snakemake in nextflow clothing
- where will I develop as a scientist?
	- whatever technical debt I am saddled with will take away from my journey towards science 
	- having my thesis tied to the pipeline or its resultant data will directly or indirectly tie me down with its technical debt 
	- I have high standards for the quality of my work and do not want the foundation of my science and research to be grounded in something far below the quality I would ever deliver
	- I am here for training


